hello everyone and welcome to hot line
League episode 31 boy do we have a show
for you because not only not only is
Mark back he I know you guys are
wondering if he was gonna be back this
week he's back but we also have riot
Sherman on to talk about the collegiate
championships which just happened he'll
be joining us for a little bit at the
start of the show as we go through all
that stuff and then we're gonna have
open lines with just me and mark to talk
about all your frustrations around the
fact that you can't play Kaitlyn anymore
to talk about your predictions for the
start of the split to talk about whether
or not that that game from Kojima is
ever gonna be released who knows all
that more coming up on hot line League
episode 31 right now hot line League is
brought to you by open by HP and we're
back we're back the start of the show is
here welcome everyone to hot line League
hello
I'm joined as always by my constant
co-host Mark Zimmerman mark how's it
going pretty good I don't know if
Annie's actually changed since last time
I saw you that's what you say literally
every week no last week I actually had
real updates yeah on some stuff I
downloaded a PlayStation emulator
because I wanted to play Valkyrie
Profile anyone knows that game wait you
hang on you didn't have real updates
last week you just said there were might
be things happening in the future those
aren't real updates that's not that's
what you do that's like that's like how
Bethesda announced elder scrolls that's
like you're like I have a new show
coming out it would be really cool I'm
gonna be really sad I had to film
something but I explained what it's got
a cat behind you know okay okay thank
God
cuz for a second I was a nice no no
absolutely not okay well so are you I
mean are you prepping first offer you're
doing anything III are you going to any
parties are you is it does it have any
relevance to your life at all no I mean
I'm kind of following the Twitter buzz
like I saw I watched the kijima trailer
I'm like I get to walk around like yeah
that's cool man and sometimes you sneak
because it's spooky very spooky
okay well I'm not mark zero bits
critical analysis of the ìiî doubts
which has just just got broadcast house
in god that was the one thing that
really stuck with me forever there I've
washes like everyone all their
conferences are so fucking bad and Todd
Howard it was really good well they had
Andrew W K rock of people out on the
possessor presenters
what's he I don't know I didn't watch
that I just watched him to people like
talk about their games and it's like
yeah maybe you shouldn't get like this
guy yeah
are you waking up to watch smash
tomorrow morning is that when the thing
is the tournament sound like 9:00 a.m.
tomorrow
absolutely not fan Ron's feminine spent
sent people to read chat apparently we
got also for the first time ever Sherman
right Sherman on the show today or as I
like to call him Bob fader why that did
you know that was the site yelling old
school yeah he I think Sherman's been on
one of my shows before right you Ron
who's League or say League I don't think
I ever was
maybe you coordinated somebody coming on
maybe yeah well they probably like a
long time ago yeah yeah well it was Bob
Vader did you not know that mark that
used to be his handle no yeah Bob Vader
either way Sherman do you want to
explain it a little bit to the audience
who you are and what you do it right
sure
I'm Sherman I've been a riot for about
four years now and been working in the
college space the entire time done
everything from work on the college
championship work with college club's
work with universities or looking to how
do they invest in games a lot of my job
is really just helping schools and
presidents think about wide games can be
good for their school yeah very good
well we'll be talking about ecology
Sports somebody in the that Chad just
asked is the show Greenbelt summer split
or business stuff I don't think very
much business stuff we will be talking
taking your calls about ecology sports
for the first 30 or so minutes of the
show I'll and as I said at the start of
the show Mark and I are gonna open it up
to two colors for other things you guys
can talk about stuff I definitely want
to pop off that how fucking cool and
that is gonna be and like how that's
gonna influence teams and hopefully
people don't be jabs like I'll
definitely want to talk about all that
hang out talking about collegiate which
I did this week I guess if I'm gonna
actually update on what I did gonna call
it finals yeah yeah so wait actually
maybe it's a good time to take us
through mark and Sherman what because I
you know I'm sure a decent amount of the
audience may international might not
have watched the college stuff do you
guys want to talk about what happened
yeah perfectly break down what happened
this weekend
okay go out so the reigning champions
Marilyn where's the 1 seed Maryville
back Maryville god damnit no it's
alright rewarding fucked up close guys
work anyways they were the first match
of the event in the semi-final or
quarterfinals and they lost and that's
when you knew it was gonna be a fun
event and then after that things mostly
went according to plan there are a
couple of their upsets and then you see
I ended up taking the whole thing and it
was really fun I got to cat car I did
the analyst test for the last two days
so it was cool very good
how do you feel about how the event went
Sherman before we get into calls this is
my fifth college championship and I
think this one was the craziest I just
didn't expect a round one upset like
that eight seed versus first seed yeah
Marylyn kind of in desperation versus UC
Irvine and pulled out a crazy third game
I mean the games were awesome you know I
love just getting just to meet all the
players every year a lot of my job is
online and like I don't get to put names
to faces until this event every year so
it's it this is I look forward to it
every year yeah
I've also done the finals the last three
years so I am a the world's leading
expert on college okay very good
now that's true
I think Sherman it was like a lot more
of the storylines and stuff like that
and I know a lot of me like school story
lines you guys know the players and like
you talk about the games better than I
can
yeah can I always show up to be like
guys to varsity teams are playing
against each other this year we should
we should talk about that yeah very good
well as I said we're gonna be taking
your calls about college eSports and
college in League of Legends for the
next 30 or so minutes and then we'll be
opening up so as Mark I don't know if
you want to go ahead and explain how
this works and maybe we can get our
first wave of college topics captured
did you move someone out of the waiting
room I did not I have not touched the
waiting room did I put someone in the
wrong room I don't know but maybe you
can explain how this works
to all of our think about things so this
is the discord link if you guys have
never watched the show what you wanna do
go to that discord join up in there and
when you get there there will be a pleb
calls voice channel that you want to
join yourself once you're in there and
then you'll go to the pleb topics
channel and you'll be able to discuss
what you want to pull you in for so
that's where you'll go ahead and say I
think college eSports should stay away
from the n-c-double-a because they're
the devil and then Sharon can sweat
profusely and answer that question
and so you know after a period of time i
like takes like i said that one don't
you say i want to talk about college
eSports in the next double a please
include what your actual thoughts are
and we'll take a couple of those yeah
and and if you are a sub to the channel
feel free to join in the sub chat
because there's a you can actually put
your question in there we do check that
one as well and there's a little less
competition so it does increase your
chances I think maybe of getting picked
as I make sure that my post mates
delivery is here
do you want to go investigate that my
friend okay all right we should be ready
to go in just a moment as Mark is
pulling people Sherman
what else do you what else are your
passions what are you in - besides
college or games in crypto and making
shit oh yeah making shit I guess I used
to make up I haven't made it anything
cool and like a year now so go ahead I
was just saying when I first met Sherman
he was just getting started out and like
the collegiate scene and he showed me
some shit that he wrote for like a
program for like representing data and
the LCS or not in the LCS but like just
stuff like big live games
yeah live games I was like oh my god is
the coolest shit ever and then he went
to college and I was slightly
disappointed yeah yeah used to I was a
an engineer in school before I started
at Riot I just wrote kind of cool
community like tools one of them like
really early days anyone remembers the
well played tournaments yeah I wrote a
bunch of tools to pull live stats from
the game this is like pre LCS even
having like gold graphs and stuff so I
mean we thought it was cutting-edge and
we were just like what what are all the
things we can track with what are all
the things we can learn from this and
then like we just had like this giant
screen of all these buttons that you
could like I want to see the gold graph
I want to see the CS difference I want
to just visualize all sorts of cool
stuff yeah that was before the LCS
attitude you know that was in like 2012
2013 yeah yeah old old days
oh my bob vader days okay so we pull our
first caller all right so I'm trying to
put this Anna person in the waiting room
don't like three times and I thought you
were I have not I have not touch my
mouse I don't like she wrote a question
that I just bring her back go to the
waiting room drag her into the waiting
room and see if we can get a stop moving
maybe we're just having connection
issues a kalbi just used his twitch
prime Cal be a frequent guest and
sometimes co-host on the show who has
told me explicitly he can't come on the
show for several weeks because he's too
busy doing shit with dota 2 which is
among the reasons you couldn't come onto
the show one of the worst so kelpy on
the show anymore why isn't he on the
show anymore I'd love to have him on
just waiting for that wonderful day when
he can return oh hello we've got skate
SK new how do you proud you can just
call me Dennis dead we've got Dennis on
the show today I love that guy we've got
mooks on the show new what do you what
do you want - can I come wait where are
you hang on really quickly where you
calling from sorry I'd be remiss if I
Westchester New York okay so what do you
want to talk around the show today I
wanted to talk about the effect of
culture versus infrastructure and
relevance to player development and like
the like its kind of the pattern you see
across different sports and then like
what it is in league and also why then
ALCS seems to be moving in the right
direction with it all right so that yes
so this seems less about college the way
you're describing it this also sounds
like it sounds like you are alright
you've written a thesis statement I mean
no but like a few thoughts on it
interested in guys okay very good
yes well go for it and I'm gonna meet
myself so I can start and I'm also a big
fan and I've always wondered why America
it's like not the best or like not
really improving at these sports and
then I've gotten to lead two years ago
and then I see Korea is like absolutely
dominant in the last three World
Championships and now they have China
with like throwing all these money like
you always read about the Korean prose
going they're there for bigger paychecks
better teams like more money more
opportunity but up until you know this
last mmm si it's always been Korean
dominated and then when you look at you
know the other sports that I mentioned
like soccer it's still there's more
money even over here in like the player
developments and like better feels
better whatever and then in Brazilian
Jujitsu like in the gyms and like the
all the other amenities are better over
here but Brazil still produces all the
world champions and like I'm saying that
in comparison to like Korea where the
pay is not as high it seems like the
culture is driving these things like
soccer over in Europe and like other
sports and I wanted to say that like I
think Korea is still gonna stay on top
and that na LCS is definitely or the
Korean championship is doing better with
the college championship is doing better
with our doing the right things by
getting players younger and giving them
smaller steps into getting in
professional not as big a belief that
like ten things but no I mean you guys
mind if I jump in yeah go for it yeah I
love this topic because like my take all
the time is it's not about how much
money or how much how many things you
build into it it's just the culture of a
sport is what makes it successful it's a
reason like in the u.s. that we're just
better at basketball than like every
other country out there is the culture
of basketball is so well supported and
encouraged like I we look at college the
same way as like we're not just looking
for there to be a stepping stone we
don't think that there just needs to be
like a competitive stepping stone
we just think college can change the way
that people think about games as like
specifically like eSports or League of
Legends as being like good we want like
a parent to be encouraging games from an
early age because that that kind of
mentality shift and cultural shift will
create the next level of player whether
or not they come through the college
scene or not well like
it's a lot of things can have a pro
scene not everything can be a college
sport like I've subscribed to the Ocho
on reddit and it's filled with like
here's competitive like knife cutting
and it's like yeah there's a per scene
for just about everything but like
college is kind of a an example of like
a shift in culture that's a nursing so
you think it's a good move because it's
a shift in culture and not in
infrastructure you're not just throwing
more money at these players right like
like morphine TV and chats that dude the
reason the USA sucks and soccer is
because we don't have an infrastructure
but we do like their soccer fields
everywhere there's teams everywhere but
the culture is just not there supporting
it like if you go to other countries if
you travel a little bit like they're
playing soccer in the street constantly
like that's why I think Korea is
dominant in league because it's so you
know it's just so part of the culture
they're just trying to get better there
it's a small culture smaller play base
less money but they're just driving this
culture through that's just to get
better and like it's just an obsession
over there while it's here it's just
like a hobby for people and I think with
having it in college you completely it's
a step in the right direction of
creating another like another more
enveloping culture where the players
will just get better and be more
constructive rather than just spamming
soloqueue and AF gang if you know they
die three times in Lane Sherman what
yeah
Sherman what kind of actual effect you
guys have on these college campuses
because I know oftentimes you'll have an
eSports Club of maybe like a hundred 150
people do you feel like it's hitting the
scale that you need to actually make
that kind of cultural impact because
when I think about college sports and
even all the way down to like high
school football in in like places like
Texas which I believe is where you're
from like that stuff is just huge and
you get all the community come out for
this do you feel like there's ever gonna
be a point in time where you you can
push it one do you think that the level
that it's at right now is it's big
enough for Ford to starting to have that
cultural impact and to do you think that
you could ever see it growing into that
level where you actually do get
communities involved and you do have you
know the school supporting and as much
of a way as they might support their
other
no I mean I think we're having like
various levels of cultural impact at
like different schools I always talk
about it like if if a club is the most
successful part of a school like our
team at riot is failing because like you
should not have to like specifically
join a club in order to like celebrate
your passion it's like I joined Filipino
Student Association when I was in
college I was not Filipino but it was
like a culture club I liked hanging out
with the people and I played intramural
soccer in college and so like I was able
to combine all sorts of different things
that I love to do just because they were
accepted and integrated throughout
school so like we see some schools now
like launching intramural programs like
MIT has like an intramural program where
you can like sign up your five man team
and play league of legends like we
imagine a world in which like the
fraternities and sororities are like
trying to recruit like find the best
league players to come to there or or
the culture clubs like join so they can
like form the best teams I always like
the vision that I always try and paint
is I want like a high schooler with like
an amazing GPA to have the option to go
to Stanford Ohio State or Harvard on a
scholarship on a legal legend
scholarship you're saying on a legal
legend scholarship yeah and like we're
not we're pretty far from that world but
like that represents a total like change
in the way that like games will just be
encouraged yeah Harvard because you're
good at games or you could go to Ohio
State it's like you're a great student
you get to choose whatever you want so
your the main draw there is you're
creating kind of like a cultural
phenomenon and you actually have outside
forces that are encouraging people to
play league of legends because there are
like there are people I think whose
parents push them to play traditional
sports because they know it can get them
a scholarship you would like to see
people's parents saying like how's your
Malphite going Bobby you know like Rick
Fox did this like talks about this
really well he was
like he wanted to be a basketball player
and he has this interviewer he's like
excuse my french but nobody shit on that
he was like it was encouraged it was
supported because like they knew there
was a future in that and I think
anything like I said anything can create
a pro scene but you require you
mentioned it like external validation to
to say that something is good like we're
a video game company and all of us are
gamers so like yeah eSports is great
like we want it to grow but it when a
college president like says we're like
somebody who whose opinion matters gives
it that external validation it changes
the way people think about it
when you were talking about like you
want kids to think about going to like
scholarship from Ohio State right
that works for like traditional sports
because usually you've had these kids in
high school they're coming up they're
greatly you know they're so far ahead
above everyone else their head and
shoulders and they don't get to play
against top level players right they're
playing as people locally or maybe they
travel
yeah the bodies aren't developed that's
why usually the sports are like the
professional debuts pushed back in
eSports though they can log on and if
they're high challenger they're playing
against Buicks and they're playing
against bio frost they're playing it's
doublelift and they have that tier you
know although someone trolls they have
high level practice right away yeah why
why would you want to promote them to go
to college and play eSports when they
could be if they're good enough to go
professional right away you know I mean
you know what I mean because it's they
don't have like the physical like you
know that I want the physical
accountability because they're not gonna
be smaller than anyone else it doesn't
really matter
yeah like I thought it was a good move
because I thought it gave more time for
development
you know because maybe some people are
that master tier and they're like 18 19
years old and then that you know they
have to go to college and they're like
they're like oh maybe after you know I'm
gonna take a heavy course load but if
they go to school and they get the
treatment that other athletes do and
they get you know come son breaks I was
like maybe they do make that LCS level
leap you know yeah there's we don't
think like you know like nothing's
formalized right now and like if there's
a great challenger player that's like
LCS caliber like go for it
but the reality is right now there's not
a bunch of 17 year old chow
like high-level challenger players just
going straight to the LCS instead like a
lot of teams are saying like a
challenger ladder and mark back like
correct me on this because you probably
have heard this more than I have but
like just because you're a challenger
player at the top of the ladder
really doesn't mean anything like Julien
who played in the college championship
it's like consistently ranked one the
Challenger ladder but like teams are
looking for people who can give feedback
who can learn from their mistakes who
can like be a part of a team environment
have great communication skills and
college have a great time of success in
the lck if you're not getting that like
beforehand like you're not getting that
through playing on the ladder and like
if the only stepping stone is to go from
like ladder to Academy team it feels
like there's a lot of risks involved for
a team if there's a ton of schools out
there who are all investing in
infrastructure and coaches like then
that means there's a lot more player
development that can happen before you
get to that level like I would love a
world where a pro coach can like just
say like this school constantly turns
out their best players and like just
candidly ask another college coach like
what are their biggest weaknesses like
what should I be looking out for in this
player I think a really cool example of
like what the ecosystem could look like
when it's working well is like kind of
what happened with the University of
Toronto where like three of those guys
well the whole team obviously played in
the finals they lost whatever but then
their coach like reached out to a bunch
of Academy teams and said like you
should take a look at our guys I think
they're really good and then three of
them plus the coach ended up on fly
Quest Academy and like I don't think a
lot of those guys and might have got
that chance
one if Academy didn't change to become
more focused on player development to if
the collegiate scene existed to give
those guys a place to shine in a 5v5
setting and I think like a lot of this
stuff isn't about like competing where
it's like we want collegiate to succeed
against esports when we're like giving
more paths to get there or even just be
its own ecosystem for collegiate we're
like yeah not all those guys
gonna go pro like you heard blood water
interviewed he was like I'm not really
interested descoteaux and said like I
think what said he's not really
interested but Cathy nuke was like yeah
I'm definitely fascinating because like
des Croton was like a computer
engineering major a 3.9 GPA according to
his coach he still accused more than
anyone on the team yet he's also tutors
the team like and he was the allstar of
the finals like I don't know how you can
be that good and the fact that he
doesn't have any aspirations to go pro
but yeah he's on a scholarship is like
awesome in my opinion yes like that's a
example of a guy who like if eSports is
only like the highest level that guy
doesn't have like a place to use his
skillset
really why is it why is it awesome
though because don't you want like the
true success story would be like this
this god-tier person entering an ALCS
right well yeah I never wants to do that
like I'm not I'm not saying that
everyone should I'm just saying like you
just described a person I would love to
have on flight quest or golden guardians
or one of these teams because like
that's the type of person that could
become true in a LCS talent so it's
weird to me to here we've got this great
guy he's got an amazing leadership
capabilities he understands the game he
can multitask he's amazing and he
doesn't even and he's never gonna enter
there any LCS just not interested at all
it's like alright well now I guess let's
see what one of those throw off SKT
players are doing next year I guess I
don't know yeah good oh I like that
I agree like I would love it if Jessica
Tom was more interesting going pro but
like he's not okay well at least he has
this for like to showcase and be like an
avenue and success until I be a
different kind of eSports success story
that's like yeah he's not faker but he's
somebody else you could do something
really cool eSports and then my cat's
maybe that's also cultural like maybe
it's like too early like that someone
like that you know like I agree with you
like if someone's that good like it
would it's a shame that they don't go
want to go pro in that sense but the
fact that he could do it
is still like I think a step in the
right direction well anyway I think
Dennis you were on the show for quite
some time we have to move on I'm sorry
this was a good topic thank you
shadow dom by HP i bought a computer
because of you wait really hey i tweeted
at you about it and you tweeted it
thanks to him that stuff actually super
helpful by the way watch a show and I
was like I'll go give him a look at Best
Buy because I don't want to build a
computer because I'm a bum and I was
like oh they're actually pretty good
they're comparable and they're actually
well probably so I'm gonna shout out my
boy Travis thank you I used it yeah if
you have yeah I've been using him I
compute my lil computer broke I was out
of League for like two months and I was
like I need a computer and then I took
out of the box that day plugged in got
back into my plat games and continued to
be an N a plug a yeah if somebody wants
to clip this segment it would be amazing
and it'll go into an email to some
people that I do
thanks so much Dennis all right that's
amazing by the way speaking of
supporters we need to give a couple
shoutouts we got a smoke dog who subbed
for three months Christabel reset for
seven months as I'm hungry thankfully
shakeshake is a prototype so she's good
Finn Gary subbed Jedi mace reset for 2
months hey Travis thanks for being
constant source of content for the lol
community I've enjoyed your streams and
the streams you recommend I appreciate
you man pyromaniac 55 baby kangaroos
Franko fun-sized fluffy and we've got
Anna here Anna who was dodging marks
attempts to get her on the show Anna
where you calling from the Windy City
the Windy City which is Chicago I
believe right clarify I mean not we've
got all international call
do you think all these people know
whatever not the Windy City Chicago
Austin is actually you know but I hear
there's a high crime rate Anna what do
you want to talk about on the show today
I actually had a little bit of the I
think was with the University of
Maryland versus University of California
at Irvine game I mean the casters were
mentioning that a couple of the players
were X Pro players like young Ben and I
wonder if that gives them maybe an
unfair advantage if the players have had
previous pro experience and maybe what
your thoughts are on allowing that
should it be allowed and yeah yeah let's
see if who was who was all in their
blood water young Ben and lap man lat
man yeah yeah so what gives Sherman why
are you letting these former pros Smurfs
in the college team you know I think
it's it's too early to say like whether
or not that's a good or bad thing my
take is the college level of play like
has just elevated over the last four
years like my first championship I
worked on there was a plat player in the
final or in the that qualified for the
live finals and this year we had all
masters and challenger players of those
like yeah those three players were
former pros young Ben's always the one
who I liked you played a couple of games
blood water on the other hand like
qualified for worlds are like played a
mold so there's different like calipers
of like pro play I don't know if it's
like a good or bad thing yet honestly
and like right now I mean I think it's
good that those players especially like
when League was really early and like
underdeveloped you know they I felt like
again this is like blood water I think
made a lot of sacrifices to be where
they were so I think it's cool that they
could go back and like go play in
college if they wanted to I think now
it's slightly different because there's
a lot
or infrastructure like salaries are way
higher and like you can like make a
longer career out of it but I think back
then you were taking a huge risk when
they were like 40 teams that called
themselves pro pro league of Legends
seems to me I understand some of the
stigma I guess to say a bit like
especially in traditional sports like
going pro and then like going back to
college and still playing is a little
backwards but I think like with how
eSports has developed at this stage I
don't think it's that awkward it's like
most of these guys like gave something
up to become League of Legends pros and
then this is kind of them taking
something back for themselves using the
same skillset which i think is cool more
than like they're taking it away from
other more deserving people like I I
don't really feel that way they're still
like legitimately going to college it's
not like they're smurfing and like not
actually going like getting degree
because no like a lot of these guys
especially you know like des Croton and
like flood waters like yeah I'm not
going back pro like I'm just doing this
because I'm in college and I have this
skill set and it's fun and I get a
reward for having this skill set and
they're not like yeah I just joined a
random College to like shit on kids you
know like if that was what people were
doing I would see it but the rewards
aren't really there to be worth it
though like the only people you have are
like legitimate college students who by
the way in my former life I was a pro
hey alright and is there anything else
you'd say at the end sorry we've got two
more colors so I want to want to rush to
it that's it shout out to omen by HP
thank you Anna really appreciate stay
stay warm in the Windy City well do
weeks thanks Anna alright uh who we got
next
looks like mark is off to grab one of
them and blueberry ice creams has subbed
I am Elvis for resemblances how I lead
the show where we watch how to start to
fix the audio every week love your
content that's true Maddie free grease
up dance says more Kelby well Kelly
doesn't want to be on the show because
he's too busy managing a dota team
like a jerk Kelby subs speaking of Kelby
Mrak 6to4 has reset for three months
since three months we LeDoux shirt has
subbed and sylvan laura has subbed by
the way he lost about 150 subs in the
past week because they were twitch
crimes that expired people that gave
those subs about a month ago to help me
go to msi so we only need about a
quarter of you to resub and then we'll
be back we got ray on the show ray where
are you calling from
I'm actually calling from Chicago as
well
very good okay we got a Chicago I don't
know what's going on in Chicago today
but you guys are apparently saying it's
like bad weather right now yeah I mean
it did rain a little bit but I mean
nothing okay yeah as a Californian that
sounds exactly like what you would do
the same said ray what do you want to
talk about on the show today all right
so um I guess be more toward Sherman
here but just kind of talk about what's
the possibility of riot utilizing
potentially more media outlets and
youtubers to promote College League and
then maybe perhaps using Travis and
maybe some of your interviews to get
getting people more interested in some
of these college players like he does
with the pros I do realize it is a lot
harder you know first to get a lot of
the pros to get interviews but some of
these younger kids maybe
I mean interviews they might be a little
more you know manageable
yeah Sherman why don't you invite me to
cover the college Championships this
weekend you texted me okay
Kaitlyn the PR person who was handling
this sent me a very big email about how
great it was to come and check this out
and I like I've been really getting
ready for III and doing a bunch of other
stuff recently launched the new show
last Friday and so I I like didn't get
around replying to her email and then I
just get this text from Sherman that
just says free in and out truck on
Sunday
and and I will admit I did show up on
Sunday I did get some free in and out I
just stick around for for interviews I
no I turned it about it though I told
him no I was like just come get a burger
oh yeah yeah I um yeah so for me for me
and somebody actually said Travis has a
college journalism intern actually I
should have found somebody who could do
some coverage that would have been a not
a bad idea my my take on this stuff
i-i've always covered the college stuff
altruistically because I feel like I I
really am a big fan of college eSports
as a concept even if I don't follow it
myself because I frequently think about
how much I wish that it had existed
whenever I was in college because I
probably would have had an amazing
scholarship through it but I know I
would have had a good time with it right
like I want none of the clubs at my
school really interested me and and so I
the the problem is is I nobody watches a
lot of these interviews ray that's one
of the big struggles that I have is that
I think it's better for like an ESPN to
do a like segment on college eSports
that gets aired on SportsCenter or
something than it is for me to stick it
on my youtube channel because quite
frankly like a lot of people will just
reply with you know college interview
residentsleeper so it's it's for me it's
always been like whenever we did the
stuff at Yahoo I think if I recouped I
can recall we actually did share some of
that content over on Yahoo Sports
because College eSports like if I'm
let's put it this way from a sponsor
perspective it was really easy to always
get interest from sponsors through
college eSports I'm sure Sherman knows
us because like and has experienced this
like it's super strange people don't
understand eSports but the moment you
say it's like college sports they're
like okay let's get involved so anyway
that's why I haven't been too involved
in it myself but Sherman I don't know if
you have thoughts no matter if you want
to fire back at me and tell me I'm just
doing shitty interviews and that's why
people aren't watching them or what no I
I watched our take has always been like
it's really hard to get people
interested in a school that's not their
own and I think that's like one of the
biggest struggles like
Travis does like one interview with one
player from UC Irvine I like as much as
I love it
and like I'm sure a bunch of UC Irvine
students love it I don't know how many
people are like didn't go to UC Irvine
and care about that I think that's like
a big big part of it we even put the
championship it was one of the reasons
we grew from for schools to eight
schools was because we wanted to have
like more schools that could like draw
in an appeal so I think there's
opportunity for us to do better we
struggle with it when it's like
especially we've had a history of small
schools so like Mary like our mu was a
couple of thousand students versus UC
Irvine which was twenty thirty thousand
students so like it and a lot of other
like traditional sports have like years
of legacy of like people who went to the
school where a fan of it then and then
like Jarrod afterwards it's like I think
we're still in like the early days for a
lot of that to be like it's pretty easy
to get a message out there but like for
it to feel impactful like for people
that want to keep consuming it it has to
feel relevant and I think until it's
your school like it's hard for that or
your school you're a fan of I think it's
hard to feel that way
Sherman if you guys tried like celebrity
streams or celebrity casters or whatever
because that a little different from
what I do but you know imagine if you
you did have I don't I keep thinkin
cutie pie but I don't think I would have
him do this so I feel like he'd just
trashed on the players but you know are
there people out there League of Legends
figures or whatever they could come in
and do these broadcasts every now and
then to kind of like hi people up you
know we we talked about it internally a
lot actually and it's something that I
think we're still trying to figure out
the right way to do I mean like the we
talked about like cutie pie like just
internally like oh it'd be cool how like
what would be the coolest version of him
like supporting the college championship
it's hard to like find answers so that
those questions like just I'm I'm not
like we're a small team and like we
don't have a ton of resources when it
comes like thinking creatively yeah like
we talk
about those I mean mark is pretty famous
so I always love him having having he
does he do college stuff I didn't I
didn't even yeah they were like 20,000
of those viewers for this specifically
for me okay
roughly gotcha yeah you just look at the
first two days broadcasts and then my
two days it's and in no way is it the
extra twitch but I can't argue the
broadcast pulled the people oh it's mark
yeah yeah I mean it's hard because a lot
of those personalities are popular
because they have strong opinions about
stuff and I think them coming in would
potentially not present the nicest
picture but it would be interesting and
by the way ray worth noting that ESPN
eSports was there this past weekend and
actually did do coverage suddenly unlike
that slacker Travis cafard so you know I
do know that that it seems like I'm
right said they are reaching out to
people to try to get interviews and
stuff going yeah we had a bit hired a PR
agency to help us like we set up a bunch
of interviews with like all the school
and local school newspapers for all the
schools that were playing like I
actually did an interview with my alma
mater UT Dallas and they were playing in
the championship I found like SB Nation
has like a website dedicated to
University of Illinois coverage and they
like covered the fact that Illinois
upset very pillows so like there's a lot
of really local coverage which is pretty
cool but I think there's a there's a ton
of room for us to get better at that
yeah I think also like a chance to say
in the beginning about having like
mainstream media coverage is more useful
than Travis in a sense we're like
Travis's demographic is eSports fans and
like reaching them I don't know how like
other than getting more eyeballs on it
which is always good it doesn't like I
think you could argue does less than
like reaching a broader newer audience
of like people and parents who are like
oh shit I didn't realize this was a
thing whereas like you always want to do
that with eSports too but they're not
gonna become hardcore fans whereas like
if they're exposed to this on the
collegiate level like we're saying
earlier if your kid is then like hey did
you guys know that this
the thing like they're already more
aware of it that that there are sponsors
there are scholarships and things like
that so I think probably more important
than Travis is those other like larger
news outlets absolutely offended yeah I
mean I was almost figured like like
maybe pokey or cutie or all some of
those internet personalities and getting
into those facets like would have would
like really help a lot of people are
also very expensive by the way just
Sherman doesn't have to say that I will
like a lot of those people command a
rates that are pretty crazy so it's sort
of I think it can be kind of hard to
decide you know is it worth it you know
I have no idea what cutie Pie's rate is
but let's say it's fifty thousand
dollars a day is it better to spend
fifty thousand dollars today getting
cutie pie to cast it for one day or
doing something else you know maybe
maybe doing advertising that targets
like that school in a different way or
something along those lines so hey ray
thank you so much for coming on the show
yeah Band appreciate it thank you we had
a controversial huh take on the show a
couple episodes again and then it was
handled a very brutal way and now people
are nervous about it um we've got Ladue
sure who subs Sylvan Laura subbed
Sherman subs Thank You Sherman for using
as twitch Prime on the show I'm
literally just paid by riot at this
moment raw raw bare toes sent 200 bits
and is now the current bit leader I
think for the the week the wayward soul
reset for two months since is happy to
support your Travis and then careful
what you ask for
gorgeous wizard has reset for three
months and says just have sneaky hosts
and cosplay we've got my hub is that how
you pronounce your name M hub I'm also
mark but everyone different J's people
called me M hub okay wait who
differentiates you like is it like you
as if you would mark right on the same
circle and there it's like well we got
to call um hub because
Marga Zimmerman is martes is an inside
job often with other marks - yes
I have monetize monopolize the turn mark
yeah very good well M hub where you
calling from Ally North Carolina North
Carolina
what do you want to uh come on the show
I hear it's a controversial first what I
want to preface this with saying that I
think collegiate eSports is really
really great and I hope as it continues
to develop and become a keystone piece
of infrastructure for the developmental
part of competitive eSports I would hope
that it stays far away from the NC
double-a affiliation because I think the
NCAA has proven to be glorified insured
servitude for athletes okay all right do
you think do you want do you if you want
to elaborate anymore or should we just
dive in yes so let's look at so the
college scene for competitive sports
like basketball and football in the
States has become the Developmental
League right there's no real academy
league for basketball and football for
instance these people are given
scholarships to go study and play sports
and in reality they're not studying
they're playing these sports at an
incredibly high level and then they're
flipping but they're not paid for their
service which is essentially a job
making the NCAA a crap ton of money and
then they're risking losing their career
through injuries by not getting pay for
two to four years and then losing out on
the ability to make a living off of
their craft so I hope these forts even
though it continues to heat this
developmental infrastructure stays away
from the NC double-a and exploiting the
athletes the way the NC double-a has
seemed to have done yeah I can like I
don't know exactly like where anything
will land you know I'm sure everyone's
read the conversations that the NCAA is
like investigating their role here's
like the way we've like looked at it on
the right side we're not like college
League of Legends is not basketball in
football like a lot of the state of
those sports is driven by the fact that
they make a ton of money and there
there's also like
examples of this we're like MLB makes a
ton of money but college baseball this
is not a lot of the money from those
those two sports fund like 90 other
sports within college athletics so we
don't know exactly like where we land
kind of the other tricky part is they
all kind of report to the same people
NCAA is made up of university presidents
so to one extent like I'm not calling
out precedents but like and we like the
Condoleezza Rice just let the rice
Commission talked a lot about this is
like president university presidents who
run the NCAA effectively or a lot of the
cause for where it's at right now as a
organizing body so it's tough to say
exactly like what not working with them
will change we don't have like any plans
right now to work with the unsuitable a
but like I talked about the scenario the
world we want to live in where like a
student can go to college to play League
of Legends like any college and like the
best colleges and like the state schools
and the amazing private schools like so
we don't exactly know like it's not good
for us to speculate but that's where
like the way we look at it is whatever's
gonna get us to that end state most
effectively is beneficial what do you
think then is the is gonna be the next
step in because it in my mind right you
mentioned I think with the first caller
the second caller is you have athletes
right now I collegiate eSport athletes
who are doing eSports as a side to their
academics mm-hmm what happens when the
eSports becomes their focus and you need
something similar to the NCAA like what
do you think is the next evolution for
that whenever you have it going to
college to play the sport and academics
is a side hustle so there's a couple
versions of it like right now we've
started working with college conferences
and those are kind of like smaller
governing bodies at the college level
they manage a lot of the administration
of a college sport on a campus riot
right now if anyone were to ask us like
we're the governing body of college
League of Legends I think there's a lot
of confused
out there like what it looks like I've
always said this to my team if we are
serious about this like we need to
recognize the roles that we're gonna
need to play some of those roles are
like expensive and not like there's no
ROI behind them unless we truly believe
in building league as a college sport so
there's like tough decisions to be made
there around like how you exactly go
about that that's everything from
clearing houses how do you build
infrastructure to like at scale monitor
grades of students so I can manage
eligibility how do you manage schedules
at scale where it's not just hey can you
guys play at this time on this day and
can you guys and like there's a lot of
moving parts we don't know what form it
will take
but like no matter what right either has
to partner with people in order to make
that happen or we need to take it in
like do it ourselves and it's there's
like a lot of different ways I think we
could end up going about it over time
but it's you know we believe in building
this out over like twenty thirty forty
years so we're not in like a huge rush
to like make changes that are gonna that
are like very short-sighted we're gonna
take a really long-term approach to like
all the way we look at the scene they
ask a follow-up question yeah go ahead
so uh my follow up question then is what
what about college esports is more
effective for developing esports than
like the Academy League that's already
in place in the LCS and I think
overwatch has won as well is college
more effective is it more effective for
what the first caller to point it out of
it's it's a way to come back cultural
friction with eSports or is it it you
elaborate on that does that question
make sense yeah I think so I I don't
think that it's necessarily more
effective I just think it's scales
farther like let's let's say you wanted
fifty million dollars to be invested in
developing players you either need ten
academy teams investing five million
dollars a year into their into their
program so you need a hundred schools
investing five hundred thousand dollars
each like what
economics make more sense in like what's
the faster way for doing that so like if
if 300 schools are off like build a
program that's eventually I'm hearing
some schools are investing like one or
two million dollars into their eSports
program like how do you get to six
hundred million dollars like being
invested in just player development it
means you have a lot more opportunities
to like weed out players and like learn
what they're good at and what they're
not good at so like just scale I think
that's that's what I would say make it's
better at third dog behind you Sherman
there is its vitamin vitamin you dog in
my cat fight because there's been
running around the background cute also
on that point like like if you're
talking about like developing the very
very tippity-top closest players to like
maybe being LCS ready then like the
Academy's probably better for that but
yeah there's and there's the 50 LCS pros
right and then like you're not even
you're arguably not even servicing half
of a challenger ladder then if everyone
on that is let's say hypothetically
interested in going pro so like the
collegiate scene will be able to like
Sherman was saying go much broader but
it also appeals ideally to people who
like don't have a chance of going pro
like I think people like we're not quite
the point where they'll be like d1 d2 d3
stuff like divisions like in college but
I assume that that's something that
people would be interested at some point
like well I'll never become the best
League of Legends player not even in
college but like I like competing I like
playing league and this is a like an
avenue for me to have that outlet and
that's something that college could
service that pro eSports never would
yeah I mean just night like 99% of like
college athletes don't go pro and like
the fact that 99 percent still get to go
to college on a scholarship there's like
pretty hot awesome in like something
that I I'd love to see very good well
hey thank you so much hub for coming on
Rob thanks so much for having me guys
yeah thanks well that does round out our
time we
Sherman Sherman is there anything that
you want to say here at the end or any
shoutouts any plugs anything that's
going on no I
thanks you guys Travis for having me on
the show known you and Marc for a long
time really appreciate you guys taking
the time to let us share and talk with
some players I don't get to do a lot of
this very often so thanks a lot no it's
super good and I think quite frankly I
think the conversation was we had some
really great callers who I think made
the conversation really fantastic so
thank you
yeah thanks to everyone who called in -
cool I'm gonna switch over to a
different scene before you hang up let
me find it well while you find it and
shut up
I will redirect to our new topic for the
second half of this show
unfortunately for Sherman s egos we'll
transition to the new meta campanilla
Sherman Way I can leave yes okay don't
greatly discord to not just skate anyway
so there's the new meta and if people
don't know I'm talk and maybe some
people think this is only like China
because China has always been a little
crazier and it's like oh you know this
is just some crazy stuff going on and in
Brazil as well it's like this is not
just gonna happen in China you'll see in
Korea earlier this week to some extent
you'll see it in North America you'll
see it any you then it's kind of the
Deaf probably the only time we've
potentially seen the meta actually like
break open pretty much any time there's
been another strategy it's been like oh
it's like one o P champ doing something
a little fucking broken or like one
items ruining the game yadda yadda yadda
and this is the case where that's not
really happening and there's a variety
of champions you can do this new stuff
and like there's two basic new
strategies one is jungle mid where you
take some kind of thing China it's
mostly been moored but some people are
trying with Brahms so people are trying
goat Eric it's Cherokee that thing a lot
people have heard about so you have a
bunch of like low econ things playing
mid lane and giving up their farm to the
jungler and then the power farm with the
jungler and then there's bot lane which
people are starting to play bruisers or
hyper carriers and instead of ad carry's
so you they're going for a more or
early-game approach or
a different scaling approach so things
like irelia Yasuo bought that kind of
stuff so this will be the topic for
people to call in moving forward I'll go
spam all this shit and chat again no
that's not the right link I joined the
discord you can put it in join whatever
question want to talk about you think ad
carry's are gonna disappear you think
that's bad you think ad carry's are
mostly fine you think this is just gonna
be a quick face and we're not gonna see
the meta actually break open whatever is
you want to talk about as well as I
think this is great for Team Liquid I
think this is horrible for TSM whatever
you want to talk about with regards to
the new meta and the new split coming up
I am very excited to talk about this I'm
actually so excited to talk about it I
might record a video about it come on
theremin creating content I know that's
not a thing yeah I mean that's that's
probably a little oh I'm probably over
excited right now but no I actually
think I will do like a fucked up weird
power ranking of teams in that meta
hypothetically if that's like what takes
over well really quickly before we
switch to that I do have a quick
conversation to share with all of you
guys about a company a company and by
the way I say company but that is that
is like nameless faceless corporation
with no soul omen by HP all right we're
just gonna restart the whole show give
you staring back all right
well as they're transitioning into the
second half of the show I have a
conversation to have a conversation to
have with you guys about an amazing
company that has been supporting hot
line League for quite some time now and
supporting eSports I think for even
longer than that and competitive gaming
you've seen them thing do things like
hosts are sorry sponsor the overwatch
League they sponsored CLG they sponsor
again the show they've been doing some
really cool
stuff I've been working on a project
with them behind the scenes which will
hopefully come to fruition soon enough
you guys will be able to see but I do
really appreciate their sponsorship of
the show and and well mark it also gets
paid for the sponsorship I just want to
say that I super appreciate omen by HP
and I appreciate all you guys who
appreciate them as well because I had
people shut them out on the show you you
guys tweet them you do all the stuff and
trust me they take notice of that stuff
so this type of thing where they
understand it's such you guys give them
such visible evidence that their support
of this show is appreciate so I want to
thank all of you so much for supporting
their support of the show we're gonna
have a link if you're watching the vaad
right now in the in the description
that's their twitter you can just go
follow them or say hi to them do
whatever you want and and yeah I just
really appreciate their support they
have some new peripherals came out you
guys can can check those out and we're
also should be doing a giveaway of those
probably on the next episode if not the
one after that so stay tuned for all
that but thank you shout out to Travis
for supporting your support of the
sponsor that supports us he does a great
job cultivating a culture of accepting
and promoting sponsorships and he
couldn't do it without you guys doing it
for the sponsor I think let's move on to
the second half of the show we're gonna
be talking about maybe we might be
wrapping a little bit earlier than that
but we're gonna be talking about them
the new change the patch changes etc
mark maybe really quickly as you're as
you're grabbing people you can you can
tell me can we just call it real
question can we do a call or twice in a
row like um how has another like good
take that I think I think the colors
will revolt if we do that we should we
should grab for the next next episode
right but I I want to get your take mark
really quickly because everybody look
there I have never seen this before and
I'm certainly no analyst I'm not a high
elo player i'm not spamming ranked all
the time I'm a for fun player
I mean that's again here in North
America yes but is is the sky falling is
rankings designed just just in shambles
is is this the worst that League of
Legends has ever been because that's
what some very vocal people would have
me believe I think it's actually a
matter of perspective if you are an ad
carry player who just wants to
right-click champions this is you're
probably not having fun okay and like I
get that and it sucks if you are an ad
carry player who wants to play only ad
carries but for ad carry players you're
like I don't mind playing other shit
this is actually awesome and so I think
even within the pro spectrum you can
people saying they hate it and love it
some mid laners like I don't want to
play bitch boy ass stuff but like some
mid laners are actually swapping roles
instead of just swapping champs to avoid
being like that bitch boy and stuff like
that and crazy stuff is like potentially
happening and so I think it will
probably be a short term hit for the
portion of players who do not enjoy the
changes to their classes and to their
roles but for everyone else who that's
not bothering this is one of the best
things to ever happen a league alleged
okay if if it if it goes correctly
because there's also a chance of like
it's just too much and it's affecting
too many people negatively but if it's
where I think it is it's great well
that's good to know I mean I know I'm
just left confused because now it you're
saying it's amazing and other people are
saying League of Legends is dead and
that they hate this game
alright so people saying is dead
whatever people saying they hate the
game some of them legitimately have a
point like I want to right-click tanks
and build big crit items and do big
crits and you say it's like not that
it's just not how it is right now maybe
it comes back or whatever but like you
know if if that's the case then like
you're gonna lose some players who want
to play that way but I think for other
people this is like the first time the
meta aside for like to be one stuff this
is the first time the metas really
changed in standard eventually alright
well what do you think Travis have you
heard any of the crazy shenanigans yeah
and quite frankly like
what's your thoughts so if the old ideas
you can play weird shit bottlee now well
first off I've heard that people are
looking at the win rates of traditional
ADCs and they a lot of them are still
having around 50%
oh yeah define makes it sound fine I
think the idea of seeing like I let's
just let's just take me as a spectator
of League of Legends you know times I've
seen a game where Kaitlyn's botlane just
attacking away that is has seen a lot so
seeing something you new and unique I
wish there was more meta shape up shake
up quite frankly because I think that
that is more interesting and some of the
LCS matches I've enjoyed the most or the
international tournaments are where you
see something really crazy so I would
like to see that and I I think one of
the more shocking things I know I hate
everyone's gonna roll their eyes as I
say his name but like Peter is one of
the most vocal critics of League of
Legends and ADC changes that I know and
him being in support of this change has
made me feel like it it's hard for me to
take
like that guy bitches about everything
and he seems to be in support of this so
it there's something interesting going
on there I don't know yeah I think he
might be one of those players who enjoys
it because I think he will favor people
who like being aggressive and stuff so
like he can out but you also a - on top
of another ad carrying int I supposed to
only playing Leisha and having one
dashed in to be honest I'm sure doublet
full of these changes yeah alright well
let's let's scare up some calls I added
M hub because the twitch chat came out
in a strong support of him wow this is a
record-breaking show anyways I mean I
don't mind I don't mind having people on
as long as I'm not gonna get flamed by
the twitch chat you know - it shows how
I live my life if if they're upset with
me I don't you have such thin skin we go
right through yeah it's like tissue but
straight to your heart yeah yeah moving
along as we grab our first caller oh we
we got it it's con
Khan who is a frequent caller and a
twitch subscriber he is he's here where
are you calling from Khan uh Idaho Idaho
ok very good
what do you want to talk about on the
show today well I want about how this
new better I love it it's fun and stuff
but it's kind of a biggie really
annoying to me and it's probably gonna
happen that riot will change it to get
back to the way it was and they would
kind of make this like month maybe maybe
three or four weeks just kind of useless
and it that annoys me especially with it
being a sort of summary slip and just
like competitively knowing that there's
gonna be this flip in the summer split
it noise with this will be this flip in
the summer split that might be like an
asterisks like well it shouldn't really
count because like it wasn't the actual
meta the way it's supposed to be yeah
but who says the man is supposed to be
any one way well that's what to say too
is I think there is a post a couple
months ago before this even happened
were they said that they want to open up
the bot lane to be able to have more
than marksmen and supports down there
viable so I don't think it's a short
term like oh this thing just randomly
happened like I think this was a design
goal from what the they're like
messaging around it has been inside on
you know I'm sure they'll do the they'll
monitor the data and see what the play
rates are and see if people are enjoying
it more than other things and see kind
of what's happening but assuming that
they're not killing their game with this
I think it's it anonymously is here to
stay but it's gonna be something that
they want to tinker with more than to go
back to the old thing I definitely hope
that's the case I mean if it doesn't
like it would just be annoying to see
such a big change happen and then they
just kind of revert it like maybe some
well I'm sure I think of other times if
done something like that but it'll be
definitely interesting seeing the is the
LCS and everything start and see what
it's like because there's some ad
carry's like double love to love this
and then there's people like suits like
Servette on TSM who is just like this is
the most stupid thing ever
you think we're gonna start seeing some
like sub tops play ad carry potentially
with some of the champions
just stick to that ad carry player I
mean so the thing is like and this is
where I hope we land is that like
there's multiple viable strategies like
if you watch LPL like yeah there's some
Yasuo and more than Pike and fucking
whatever down there but there's also
Caixa Azrael Lucian they're still 80
carries so if n is like man fuck this
shit I don't want to play that like
hopefully TSM's play style is just to
their players versus like everyone plays
the same meta because like realistic me
that the term meta and legal legends was
pretty narrow compared to other like
dota for exam yeah I was gonna say one
of the things that so Kelby he always
likes to he's not here so I can just
mock him me what's known it early don't
have to yeah I know but he's gone I
checked before actually pussy max okay
that knowingly unnecessary on a family
friendly showing work he's like man you
know that all these champions their
heroes get picked at TI every year and
why doesn't Ryan have this different and
you can play in this one it's just the
Minnesota you have people in every
different Lane and like I it's hard for
me to argue with the idea that League
doesn't like I would like to see Peter
suddenly switch to the mid lane or the
top lane or be in the jungle and and
have you know bio frost suddenly pick up
some other like this is all the way more
than where we're at right but like I do
like the idea that you know in champion
select you don't know what your how
everything is going to unfold just based
off of what you're seeing and so I I
like the idea of the game feeling more
less predictable and more crazy yeah I
think that the term Edda and League has
always been more about the champions
you're playing and not like what you're
actually doing and sometimes it's like
the meta is talking about how fast the
game is and this kind of stuff but it's
never like there's a completely
different role in bot Lane it's like no
I guess my idea that meta has always
just been like a top lane like one one a
jungler and then two in the bot lane
right like that's like eating a thinks
champion chains but that's always been
the meta yeah absolutely and I mean I
just do you guys think that like we're
gonna see some ad carry's be subbed out
for like sub top laners are like do you
think we might see like people in the
bot lane just not be playing it if if
the team's just don't think that ad
carries are a viable strategy so like I
saying I don't think we're quite there
and if we ever did get so far that you
would swap your ad carry out for a top
laner who's just more confident on those
champions I think that we've probably
gone too far in the crazy direction
you know let it happen I don't think I
want to see you sneaky not playing I
want to see sneaky playing and how do
you want to take that we get off so I
get the stream okay I don't want a Nazi
spend playing how about that cuz like I
want to see the good players play and
like I don't want the meta to force them
out of like their team but I don't mind
having multiple viable strategies that
like well double is even better now
because there's this other strat that he
can play that these guys other can't or
like you know even like someone like I
don't know turtle like Turtles fucking
crazy right like maybe this medicine is
beast for turtle and that'd be so cool
that like loses his mind yeah because
I'm like I see like people strats and
I'm seeing people like solo and stuff
playing bot lane now on things like
Derek so just curious if we're gonna see
like some of the you know ad carry's
especially I'm like the lower team's be
subbed out I think what would be I don't
think you'd see themselves out and maybe
you will and like I said if I don't
think that will happen in the short term
and if it does start happening I think
that it's a problem and I would like to
see them move a little bit back to
normalcy in that sense but I don't think
it's so strong and so hard to play that
like better players can't figure it out
nope never win
very good con thank you so much for
calling in I think there's a good
discussion I'm super fasting to see how
the stuff goes and I think you kind of
opened up the topic for us
thank you have a good night guys you too
all right move on I've got some twitch
Prime subs by the way and some I think
some regular subs - I want to thank
everyone for sending those along let's
see we got a child who subbed the boy
grafts at 500 bits and said deep takes
on the n-c-double-a like it hashtag
quality content be shark bait subbed
Roberto has sent foreigner bits I think
is the current leader the old reliable
has subbed and so many things
Subterra sent bits as well we got baby
kangaroos here and dogs working I said
we got baby kangaroos here how's it
going baby kangaroos where you calling
from the Bay Area okay I expected
Australia quite frankly mm-hmm
unfortunately not all right well what
congratulations on your your basketball
team winning I know that's the thing
yeah yeah it is what you what do you
want no I recently so yeah what do you
want to talk about on the show so I want
to add on to you know that the variance
that the meta brings it's making the
game much more interesting and I think
it will eventually help from an
entertainment and production standpoint
for LCS as well as well as well so so
you're saying from 14 content as well
you're saying yeah yeah so I think it
sort of predicated on the idea that you
know every LCS team has these sets of
streamers you know mm sneaky different
games like a from Lulu and I think it's
gonna be really entertaining to see how
they adapt to this new meta they're
playing on stream how they're talking
about it as well you know I've seen a
lot of from highlight videos where he's
playing crazy shit like brand botlane
playing you know getting that exposure
out there and I think you know that from
a beauty perspective is really nice
because I personally get bored of
watching Alistar Caitlyn Nami those
things on the stream every
I want to learn about so you're saying
like it'll increase engagement on
individual streams which will be good
for the teams because like people will
be interact it like all this change kind
of brings liek fans closer to the teams
because they're gonna be showcasing like
the new way to play the game yeah I
think it's a different way to engage no
more casual fans like myself you know I
could care less about which mechanical
I'll play happen between Kaitlyn Nami
versus Vienna Prague matcha but if I see
a low Civ aggressive play high in grand
bot lane I think that's a lot more in
big pain just think to me especially
even if it makes it the LCS stage as
well yeah no I hear I think that's
pretty interesting in another way to
we're like if the game changes radically
or has like more things viable there's
not just like drawing the novelty of it
in which is like what you're saying but
I think it potentially has like a
longer-term influence where it's like
hey people need to understand what's
going on right and still like
educational streamers which have
honestly kind of not died but like not
been as popular could could like be more
useful in educational videos about like
what's going on and why is this thing
seeing play specifically because right
now it's like well why is what like
Caixa comes out likewise Caixa being
played all the time it said cuz she
shits on stuff and she's the best
marksman right now like you don't mm-hmm
you can get into the numbers being
really high plus like these item power
spikes are really good on her and yadda
yadda yadda but like she's doing the
same thing other marksmen have done for
a long period of time she's the hottest
version of it where's like man why the
fuck is mordekaiser Shyvana so good in
the mid jungle and it's like well they
both have really nice dragon
interactions where she gets extra stats
he gets this and they do really fast and
sheep our farms and like you know
there's more to that strategy than just
like oh well I picked Victor because
he's the best mid laner right now yeah
and I think it can cross to the point
that maybe the ACE line of mechanical
strategic knowledge or of the pro player
you know meet the new standard because
no longer will the jungle only be care
about don't go in their actions but they
need to care about you know its new
botlane and how they can invade or put
more pressure or less pressure on the
map similarly how it was Ben if he's
only playing a TK traditionally he now
needs to have his new mechanical or
strategical adaptation where he needs to
be the math in a completely different
way so it kind of brings up that parody
of you know what that baseline strategic
knowledge is for league of legends and
it's less and in our position finding
how much you know about the game yeah
yeah it's it's interesting for sure I
mean I I am really excited to see I
think one of the things that's fun for
me is you should start seeing streamers
trying really weird crap right like I
know that that was something Peter was
streaming the other day I've seen other
people doing it as well and I think that
that will also draw an interest as well
so yeah I mean I think change is good
for League look I think it's time for
the game to go through a experimental
phase it's in that record draw like a
sports analogy I think you know
basketball has progressed from you know
having this big men focus and 15 years
ago and now it's all about the wing
players it's about people who breathe
run quick screens who need flashy plates
at the rim not so much about you know
big seven who put me back there's
similar similarly football you know it's
always moving from the run game to pass
focus the more different offensive
schemas defensive schemas I think it's
good that there's this broader level of
variance of how the game is played
and there's that baseline understanding
of no mechanics and strategy and all
that but within how that's evolving
there's more freedom of how the game can
evolve and be needed as well yeah hey
baby kangaroos so thank you so much for
your call yeah thank you for your time
moving on Oh how'd we get three more I
thought we had two more I put another
guy in there all right do you know when
you put another guy in there if I see
another question below and we're just
pushing on time its folks as resub for
nine months loving the new setup Travis
he says a malson 93 subs thank you thank
you for everyone for your support
legitimately you guys using your subs
you guys sending me bits
it's a beautiful first time in Hotline
league history em hub has returned ever
hub where are you right now I moved from
my living room to my more like dining
area but still in Raleigh North Carolina
all right all right why is that a laptop
you're working with there did you like
lug the whole computer over there that's
mine it's my college potato laptop
that's em huh what would you like to
talk about on the second half of
tonight's show
since I'm I'm actually really excited
for this half but what I want to talk
about is I think the metas going to
continue breaking open like it is for
like you said to keep the game fresh
riot has to do it to keep keeping it
from stagnating but I think this is the
worst thing to ever happen in North
America in terms of international
competition and I think if the meta
continues to break like this we're going
to see the worst showing ever for North
America on the world stage you don't
ever come in here and just say hey man
I'm excited about this thing and it's
looking good things are gonna be great
why do you think em hub shows is the
first guy show up twice first he calls
the n-c-double-a indentured servitude
and then second he said this will be the
worst international show from North
America ever after we've not gotten out
of groups and have lost the wild cards
em hub do you want to explain a little
bit about what you're what you're
discussing why why is it gonna be set up
in the LCS broke up and like this I
think to this magnitude was the
juggernaut patch in 2015 for season five
worlds and North America I don't think
made it out of groups that year but if
I'm not mistaken
from North America was cloud9 that year
and they actually performed best for
North America going there and I think
this comes from North America's tendency
to be meta their meta slaves and they're
not meta creators as opposed to Korea
and China are meta creators the North
America is going to wait till the
smarter people figure out they're gonna
try to emulate it and in turn there's
gonna be a dog chasing a car they're
never going to catch the competition and
so that year specifically I think the
reason why high and that iteration of
cloud 9 saw success wasn't necessarily
just because of highs amazing
shotcalling but because strategy
regardless of whether or not it's seen
as the most effective tactic and make it
work for his team that proved I mean he
did better than that's in that year
which was the stronghold from North
America coming in so I think if the meta
keeps changing like it is North
Americans are going to simply follow
what China and Korea do they're gonna do
is substantially worse and instead of
just recognizing that they're incredibly
talented at the game and molding
strategies around what makes like what
accentuates their strengths they're
gonna be a curve stop trying to emulate
I think I understand where you're coming
from but I think if you're North America
you should I think you should be happy
about this opportunity because if the
game stayed the same way like it didn't
feel like you know we were actually
getting close to the Korea Travis out on
how you felt but like I didn't feel like
we were like claiming substantial ground
on it and if the game is gonna play
completely different like yes more
likely than not Korea will be the best
region still or I guess you could argue
China is right now but one of those two
I would say China or Korea probably yeah
either way like one of those two might
still be the best region but this might
be like a way by by leveling the playing
field by changing the way the game
fundamentally is played in terms of its
roles and stuff like if you're the one
of the team's that's down here and
you're doing this you should be happy
about it now maybe like you said North
America is just this region that tries
too hard to emulate Korea and so they
lose to them and they can't do it and
then like some wild-card region was like
man fuck that shit and they just like
made up their own meta
and it's crazy and no one's seen it and
then we lose to that too like maybe it
isn't works international showing for us
but I do think I would rather see it do
that but yeah that's my yeah my take is
that this will create chaos in the sport
and that increases the chance of of any
of the lower skilled teams showing up
better so I think it's very similar to
what Mark just said yes so I think even
if the lower teams show up better that's
gonna make domestic very exciting and
international terrible and so but my
counter to that is is if you I don't
know if I'm sure you guys did huge table
fan so I watched his most recent vlog
preceding MSI and he said something in
it that I thought was really interesting
and he said despite double lifting
probably the best player in North
America he said for the first time at an
international event he felt like he
belonged among that competition so what
that said to me was it took doublelift
trial-and-error of what six seven years
before he felt like he actually belonged
among those players yeah but like Peter
could say that shit like four or five
years ago like I I mean I just don't I
think he's prone to saying really
dramatic things like that I'm sure he
felt really good about his performance
and he's like slipped up frequently but
Peters a player that's been known to not
have us his best performances on the
international stage I think that that
necessarily means that everybody else is
like is prone to dragging behind the
rest of the competition right yeah I
would say like sorry five IPL five
wasn't best international competition
until this last one right like I don't
know you if you remember all of them
Travis but yeah I think he did okay at
it's hard because once you go all the
way back to that stuff like you know
there's been other times but but
potentially yes like I he also did
really well at Shang at the Ulster's the
first all-stars in Shanghai which was
you know think that makes the roster one
yeah yeah he got a pentakill there and
yeah but yeah I would not use Peters
skill set like I don't think bit just
because it took this many years for
Peter to feel confident on the world
stage which again
the pasties express confidence as well I
don't think that necessarily means it's
going to take everybody else and quite
frankly there are any players that have
had better performances internationally
than Peter has in the past couple of
years right so very fair I really hope
you're right I hope I hope this doesn't
press a reset button on all the
confidence North America has been
building as well as a reset button on
them as North American good building
confidence know what else they mean my
point is I think if I'm an na player I
probably don't even consider this at all
but I could consider it I don't think I
consider it is oh no the man has shifted
we've we almost got him underneath that
old meta but now now it's all different
we have to we have to reread the
textbook I think you know for for them
there should be a chance for like this
creates additional opportunities for
players to do crazy shit which I think
will make it make it won't work well 10
helps point I really do think if it
turns out this thing where you know I
don't think like I said before I don't
really think like North America tries
too hard to emulate Korea like I don't
think that's the case but I do agree
that like if this meta if we don't come
in if this is like as broken open as the
meta gets and we'll probably get for a
while you know we go into Worlds and
we're just doing the same things that
everyone else in the world is doing then
I will be a little disappointed like you
know that that's an example you're
talking about from that world's like the
reason they did so go sailing in the
first week they were the only ones
playing Varis you're stopped by
breakfast on is this really or siege pop
they run with it Veigar Tristana named
after an individual whose name is bigger
anyway but to that point like I like
when teams innovate I like the Leone
from misfits last year I like that
Veigar Tristana thing and with the meta
being this open potentially right now I
wouldn't want to see us going to Worlds
playing all the exact same stuff as
other regions right to em hub thank you
so much for your second call you so much
for having me
love it oh good yeah yeah we got two
more colors on the show today
hello hi Martha did you is that is that
he he so it's just called channels every
time and maybe he just goes in there and
go screams hello every single time I
don't know
I would shout out another sub though we
haven't had any
man defrag is here ready break where are
you calling from
I'm calling from Long Island New York
nice and thank you for being a twitch
sub really appreciate it
what do you want to talk about on the
show today I want to talk about how the
minute as a whole this whole bottom lane
shift is meaningless in the long run
because riot wants to take advantage of
their legacy 80 carry players to a drive
storyline in the LCS okay okay can you
elaborate a little bit so if I I don't
think that riot intends for the bottom
lane to shift in such a dramatic way in
the long run even though they have
stayed in the past that their intention
is to change the bottom lane to not to
be different from just 80 carries you
know they want to change it to have
bruisers and 8p champions but in the
long run what does help try it the most
is developing story lines for the LCS
with players like doublelift in north
america reckless in EU Guzzi over in the
LPL it has been a very important part of
driving storyline in the LCS has been
these ad carry players that have for the
most part have had to do similar jobs
and they have had to play a small amount
of champions and all of a sudden the
meta is completely changed to completely
different champions potentially it could
disrupt storylines in the long run and
so I don't think that riot wants that to
happen and so because of that they're
going to yeah well so here like the
reason why I can understand what you
mean right which is okay in a world
where suddenly doublelift and Uzi and
reckless are not the best ad C's that
really screws over riots like storyline
telling all this stuff the reason why I
I don't think that's really
consideration is that the design team
and the eSports team are
such separate teams they're literally in
like separate buildings they they talk
to each other I think but only like the
the design team I think has a vested
interest and making sure that the game
looks good whenever it's played in
really competitive formats you don't
have a vested interest in the storylines
right like it's never like somebody goes
over from the right production team and
it's like hey guys if you could you
could crank up that lease in we've got a
good jungler who's really good at least
sin and if he starts winning we're gonna
be in a great place will get extra
viewership and people start caring about
his team that type of discussion just
never occurs and so I think it's very
unlikely like the easy quite frankly
let's just put it this way the eSports
team in my opinion does not have enough
political capital to spend it on getting
the design team to make design changes
that are more fair favorable to their
storylines yeah I mean I was I was gonna
say - pretty much and I think like I
said before I'm sure riot will monitor
the data on this very very closely as
this is the big change and like I know
the the lane swap thing that happened in
competitive was like a really big change
as well but that didn't have a big
influence on the actual player base
because that was not like a significant
number of players ever Lane swap - ever
and here a significant number of players
do in fact play to carry and so I think
what will influence riots
decision-making on a meta like this the
most by far is what does their internal
data say about players dealing with this
change and like if that means that like
Guzzi is not is gonna play yasuo bottom
or like Xin Zhao or something like
that's just that's just something that
we're gonna have to accept you know if
it turns out to be better for the game
or even neutral to the game that's a
potential reality and what I would love
to see if the case becomes like man you
just can't run 80 carries in the bot
lane anymore like do put that guy top
Ellucian first a guy like let him just
run over somebody with Lucian mechanics
and the top lane you know I would love
to see the game get to that point where
you know we're less defined by what
place you go on the map and like what is
your unique skillset in the game if
you're high and you are like you know
the gods here shot-caller mastermind
like fucking play mid brah dude doesn't
matter like just just lead your team to
victory you know as opposed to or if
it's like suddenly he should just play
support or whatever it is and then
similarly if he's like the mechanical
beast he's always gonna play effectively
what is like the one position in DotA
where he just gets pummeled the most
farm and if that's an enduring goal at
this point in time it just plays jungle
or something I think that'd be really
cool yeah I understand the concern I had
was that if you change one aspect of the
game where you know just the idea of ADC
which has been around for like years and
years in the game and all of a sudden
that role gets dramatically changed
where it's no longer playable in the
same way that it was a lot of players
might you know not like the game as much
because they can't play this one role
they like I don't know how much of the
player base that would actually affect
but I was just worried that if the game
changed significantly that we might see
a change in the competitive scene and if
that would negatively affect right in
the long run I mean it'll be interesting
but I'm not convinced that like ooze II
and reckless and Peter are the best
because they are just so good at Caitlyn
I think or whatever other I think
they're just really good because they
understand I've seen some of these guys
off role on stream and it is not pretty
simple well yeah but like that let's I I
mean how many players are great off role
I mean we'll see we'll see but I I just
don't I'm a guy like piglet fucking love
playing Lee sin and like mechanically
difficult champions so like he's
probably guy who would be down with it
and things like that you even played mid
for a little bit but I think you know
these guys are pros and if this is the
way the meta goes the best way to play
the game they're gonna have to learn to
play deck that's why you seal in halo a
lot of pro players are trying to sniff
stuff out even though like in lower
helos I don't think that the play rate
of these new strategies is nearly as
frequent because it has
time to trickle down yet so we'll see
you know like III think it'll be
interesting
Thank You Maddie for a call yep thank
you for having me
I also think it's worth noting that like
ad carries aren't that bad and rides not
trying to get rid of baby carriers just
trying to get other stuff down it's all
over mark those characters have
basically been deleted from the game
yeah totally did not have tons of ad
carry picks in the LPL last night
definitely didn't we got Marc Hubbard 14
who subbed Thank You Marc Hubbard or
that hub oh well I don't want to I'm not
trying to Doc's people here Marc Caio
flames has subbed as well
Thank You Kyle flames for the support
just as a recap we got six hundred bits
in from Robert oh five hundred from your
board graph so many many reiatives cool
that's cool way to spell it event next
Nexus is here what's up event Nexus hey
how you doing where you calling from
I'm calling from Springfield
Massachusetts nice hey that's like isn't
Springfield the anyway what do you want
what do you want to talk about on the
show so I wanna talk about the meta I
find this meta hype as hell is it wacky
sure as a periodic and Chantry support
do I sometimes feel like a dainty flower
getting trampled when I'm against Yasuo
Warren botlane sure sometimes but for me
personally I get most hyped for wild
picks like a crazy plays like this I
think only a very small percent of the
player base and even less of the viewer
base gets hype watching laners get small
CS gains through intelligent trading and
micro it's a it's an integral part of
the game for sure but it's not what
makes League fun to play or watch at
least not for me it's a way to
differentiate it skill to some degree at
the highest level but I think for
competitive if the player is as
fantastic as people think they are
they'll be able to adapt to the changes
in the meta
something that league is celebrated for
it's not being stagnant and they'll
learn some new champions
you know if the bot Lane and stage
shifted away from range
or whoever it is gonna end up and you
can't play ranged ideas I don't think
you're a pro bot laner I think you're
just a pro R and a pro ranged ad player
the interesting mark what's your take I
mean that's I think something that is up
to be seen because I think the idea of
role swapping players it's interesting
as well so if you are like maybe both
survival as well maybe some players like
I'm the bot laner I'll play anything
bought and then this guy's like no no
I'm the ranged mark I'm a marksman you
know like so I go wherever that's viable
I think that's that's a really cool
discussion to have and like in dota like
what's art easy I guess is a guy who
like you know play anywhere on the map
then that's like what the strategy calls
for and so like you know that's if
that's the direction League is heading I
think I think that's very interesting
event oh that oh go ahead and say no you
go I was gonna say event Nexus like what
what in particular has you like are
there any specific samples of stuff
that's got any really hype I mean just
just straight-up seeing things so if
we're not you're usually seeing in lands
like just like double tank like a tank
third support in the bot Lane doesn't
necessarily get me that hyped but you
know like double melee in a bottle in
and seeing if it actually works out like
I think that's I think that's kind of
high I mean maybe if you're used to
training I feel like there was a very
very brief time in the past where people
would try a double melee like wasn't
there a Jarvan I know that people ran
Jarvan support but the I thought they'd
run like Jarvan with another melee or
something am I crazy mark no there was
like season two picture of a goose did a
bunch of really weird yeah it's like
Jarvan Leona and yeah Helen Town Leona
or something I don't remember a picture
of a goose was what five years ahead of
their time
sixty Meadow is coming ever just like
they were like people talk about I'll
see Kay figuring out them at ahead of
time like boy did a picture of a goose
so event Nexus I know in your in your
thing you posted a couple specific
example
of teams or players that you thought
would do well good or bad so I would
have I'm hearing hearing some of those
and what of course so I think echo fox
will do quite well assuming their issues
at the end of spring aren't carrying
over I I'm assuming they're fixed by now
I think they'll do very well because
they tend to thrive in volatile
environments and TSM on the other hand
tends to thrive with structure so I
think so mentioned earlier spend I guess
was complained during a stream or
something I'm not sure if that's true I
definitely believe it yeah because I
mean they were working out their own
synergy if you will on the team and
suddenly a bunch of people playing
different champions and if they do start
will swap now I think that's gonna throw
a serious wrench into how they seem to
usually like to play I think it's it's
interesting because I think for both
those teams it depends if they were all
swap at all because my concern would be
like all tech and Adrian we're at their
best when they have like pretty
independent champions like you know
Kalista that allowed them to kind of
just like cleave yeah they pick Calista
Katelyn like these strong matchups and
just like kind of go even or slightly
win them and that was under their best
and they're at their worst when they're
playing like I think like really I know
it was worth for like really interactive
lanes I guess and still like I would be
concerned if they were trying to play
against some of these these strategies
unless of course you're talking about
bringing who knee down to the bot lane
and then it's like
shit's completely blown open because up
on the top side it seems like you can
pick stuff it is interesting because in
LPL they pay they pick like some split
pushers in the top lane and as people
were doing like this mid jungle strat
which is really focused on hard farming
they were able to get some gang Soph up
on the top side and then like that guy
could kind of run away with the game
sometimes and happen with a charts and
stuff so like maybe it works for echo
fox but i'd be really concerned about
well one i like the idea of dar doc
getting super fed - sounds really
fucking awesome i like the idea of hooni
having a lot of a room to work in the
topside or potentially going bottom that
sounds really cool but I am concerned
about like what what does that mean for
I'll take an Adrian
I mean you solve any issues you have
near Midland if they're just feeding
guard up and who cares of your mid laner
is that potentially my prediction is we
we have all this hype conversation and
then an ALCS starts and it's just the
same thing we've been saying for years I
mean like to be fair the meta will still
be somewhat like you're gonna see as
Twitter guide you'll see Ezreal you will
see Lucian you will see virus you'll see
Kaiser they're kind of going some of
them are going ap builds depending on
like team comps or thing and stuff so
you that'll be cool to see you know
rageblade nashor's stuff on Christ on
virus but like their stay they still
ultimately play the same way but the
thing is like riots gonna keep tweaking
this patch and maybe that means like
some small buffs to some ad carry's to
make them viable but maybe some mother
like I think 8 12 is the patch that
introduces two more bruiser items that's
coming up so like you might see more
buffs to to those kind of class of
fighters as well so I I don't think
we're quite settled yet and I hope I
hope it goes a little further into the
bat shit crazy section yeah I just
wanted to say one more thing sure so all
this likely dying stuff I mean if
somebody games like wow died like five
times people need to stop worrying about
that and I imagine a lot of these
changes that riot is making a lot of
cases because Brian makes money from
selling I repeat riot doesn't make money
necessarily I'm assuming they hemorrhage
to some degree money from all the
eSports and everything else like that
they obviously get a lot from the teams
coming in but they want the game to work
well but that doesn't necessarily mean
that literally all of their focus is on
making sure that competitive is gonna be
the best thing possible yeah I yeah
you're you're right in a lot of ways
they're I think they're trying to make
that not as true as it has been in the
past I think they want to have eSports
start making its own money yeah
that's a whole nother cop
topic of conversation thank you so much
event Nexus for calling in thanks for
having it appreciate right and that is
that is our show for today ending a
little early today but one thing
everybody for coming in a couple of
people to shout out because there was a
bit of a sub train at the end there I
don't know what caused it but 900 pine
cones gifted a sub two double sticks a
Astra Puma subbed you boy graft subbed
Austin earth subbed TSM Kazuto Kira Gaea
subbed I got that right and Nick smells
34 subs so thank you those people
showing their support we are now only
down a hundred and twenty subs from last
week as the great twitch prime purge
occurred from 30 days ago around MSI
mark yeah yeah anything you want to say
here at the end uh no I probably will
actually do a video discussing like
which teams I think I'm just excited
that you've decided to do something it
was a really tough decision luxury
options yeah I was like do I want to lay
in bed in another day or do I want to
turn that camera yeah and I'm still not
100% sure I could flip-flop after
another you know night's sleep
everything to dwell on it you know I got
a saying I don't you know I don't want
to say anything about the nature of your
relationship with riot or if they've
ever offered you a job but you know the
benefits of being a freelancer is that
you during the time off have the ability
to go work and do a bunch of things in a
world where in between LCS splits you do
nothing I think a full-time salaried
position with riot would be very
financially beneficial to you because
you would still do nothing let me say it
was not my intention to do nothing this
offseason okay I was very very busy all
split long both with riot work and
independent work and then somehow
everything managed to stop at the same
time hmm and so that was a bit
disappointing
but now somehow once again everything
seems like it's gonna start up at the
same time again yeah
people on chat saying I'm making fun of
you for getting fired
I mean you are but know what I know I'm
saying you could did you've joked about
it like 10 times no no no my specific
thing was I just don't know why you
there are so many opportunities to make
videos youtube channel thanks to sherman
for coming on really appreciate we're
gonna there's some cool content going up
i start a new show called stream chat
with pokey being the first episode
please go check it out it's up on my
youtube channel and i'm gonna be 83 this
week I don't know if anything is gonna
come out of that but I'll be at the for
tonight event so my twitch channel or
sorry my YouTube channel can continue to
complain about the fortnight content
hitting it other than that thanks so
much for watching thanks for watching
live this has been a hot line League
episode 31